You're listening to Joe talking about his thoughts on sexual pleasure.
What's really interesting is
It's really we had sex education at school and again, I couldn't put the love and the sex thing
It's just a weird thing to say this but I'll be honest
But when you brought it with about your mom and dad who kind of bring you up in this moral kind of way
you can't imagine that
Sex could have a pleasure side to it. I always remember when Terry weights, you know when Terry weight was
A prisoner abroad for years and years. I know when he was finally released there was a
cartoon in the Sun where
He was standing there with loads of women lined up and stopping and suspenders and the punchline was you've got a lot to make
You've got a lot of time to make up for I've never seen me dad
Well, you know, you don't have to have sex in a relationship
Do you and me dad kind of I was only quite for you. I was about 12 13 at the time
And we don't say like that, you know, but I didn't and I never realized
That people was okay to have sexual pleasure and people had sexual pleasure. That was okay
To me people got together because it was all no flowers and roses
I remember watching television programs and things and films and I'd see sex scenes
I think bloody hell what people actually really do that and yeah
incredible, you know
really fascinating and
And even
Genitalia, you know, I didn't know what women's genitalia look like anything like that
And then when I first saw that I thought all right, is that what that looks like?
It wasn't how I've pictured in me head
Yeah, not for a long time. Do you understand that stuff?